Introduces an "alternate" theme (#1458)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: src/design/themes.stories.mdx

  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Alternate

> An alternate, or secondary, theme that can be applied to sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternate, or secondary, theme that can offset a section of content visually from its surroundings. This may be helpful for distinguishing rows of content from one another in a subtle way.
```
